add doc for "--log-file-name" command line argument. (#4087)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Demos/Logging-and-logger-configuration.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    ros2 run logging_demo logging_demo_main

> Log file name prefix setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the log file name prefix
```

----------------------------

> In default, log file name is based on executable file name followed by process ID and system timestamp on file creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the log file name is based on executable file name followed by process ID and system timestamp on file creation.
```

> By default, the log file name is based on executable file name followed by process ID and system timestamp on file creation.
> You can change the log file name prefix instead of executable file name with using ``--log-file-name`` command line argument.
> 
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>    ros2 run demo_nodes_cpp talker --ros-args --log-file-name filename
> 
> This configures the log file name prefix as ``filename`` instead of executable file name which is ``talker`` in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the log file name is based on the executable file name followed by process ID and system timestamp on file creation.
You can change the log file name prefix to one of your choice using the ``--log-file-name`` command line argument:

.. code-block:: bash

   ros2 run demo_nodes_cpp talker --ros-args --log-file-name filename

This configures the log file name prefix to ``filename``, instead of the executable file name (which is ``talker`` in this case).
```

Author: fixed by https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/4087/commits/2ab7ac7017dc2b2b7a937eaee5317e48743ccf8a
